MIT License

Copyright (c) 2024 NIH Skin Microbiome

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.


PUBLIC DOMAIN NOTICE

This software is "United States Government Work" under the terms of the United
States Copyright Act. It was written as part of the authors' official duties
for the United States Government and thus cannot be copyrighted. This software
is freely available to the public for use without a copyright
notice. Restrictions cannot be placed on its present or future use.

Although all reasonable efforts have been taken to ensure the accuracy and
reliability of the software and associated data, the National Institute of Arthritis and Musculoskeletal and Skin Diases (NIAMS), the National Human Genome
Research Institute (NHGRI), National Institutes of Health (NIH) and the
U.S. Government do not and cannot warrant the performance or results that may
be obtained by using this software or data. NHGRI, NIH and the U.S. Government
disclaim all warranties as to performance, merchantability or fitness for any
particular purpose.

Please cite the authors in any work or product based on this material.
